# Science

## Content
- Intro text to the page: "My career in science has been rather non-linear. I have worked in physics, statistics, the humanitarian and UN sector and, most recently, in medical technology. Below, I highlight some articles that I believe represent some of the more important contributions of my career in science. To see my full publication record, however, please go to {google scholar}{https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=mwVQuFIAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao}."
- From the excel spreadsheet, take each row and make a section on the page, with the image (the image column of the spreadsheet gives you the file name of the image to choose) chosen to represent the article aligned central with the text split into two columns underneath the painting. Have the text partially appearing below the image, with the option to expand to read more. For mobile phones, make sure that there is only one image at a time, then for laptops there are two images, side-by-side. For the text minimisation, have at least the title, the subtitle and 30 words of the 'text' column of the spreadsheet always there, but with the option to expand for the reader to read the entire text column field. The title of the text should be large and bold, the subtitle a little smaller but still large and in italics, and then the main text field which should be normal size. Make sure also that the 'File' column (which is actually the URL for the article) is used to hyperlink text that will be added to the 'subtitle' text insert with the text "(see the full article here)"